We’re thrilled to announce that Pluralsight has been recognized as a Leader in The Forrester Wave™: Technology Skills Development Platforms, Q2 2025, receiving the top score in the strategy category. We’re also the only vendor to receive the highest possible score in the hands-on learning, skill benchmarking prior to learning, vision, and innovation criteria.
According to Forrester’s evaluation, “Pluralsight offers a well-established technology skills development platform that delivers skilling through its comprehensive expert network.”
For this report, Forrester identified the eight most significant tech skill development platform vendors and evaluated them across 19 criteria. This report shows how they stack up to help you choose the right one for your organization.
To learn more about what makes Pluralsight a Leader, get your complimentary copy of the 2025 Forrester Wave™: Technology Skills Development Platforms report.
Pluralsight is a Leader with highest scores in vision, innovation, and strategy
Of the vendors evaluated, Pluralsight received the highest score in the strategy category, showcasing for us the strength of our vision, innovation, and customer support.
We believe our recognition as a Leader highlights our commitment to helping our customers accelerate business outcomes with strategic upskilling.
We know the skills teams need today aren’t the same ones they’ll need tomorrow—and we have the vision, strategy, and platform to help organizations reach their goals faster in an ever-evolving tech landscape.
our key strengths: 
An innovative strategy that includes partnering with our customers to build skill development programs, working with tech and L&D leaders to uncover needs and test new ideas, and using AI to personalize content and streamline learning.

Broad tech domain coverage from vetted industry experts across all major domains.

Hands-on learning with labs, sandboxes, and other immersive experiences that allow learners to apply their skills and gain the practical experience needed to drive specific business outcomes. 

Robust analytics and skill assessments that provide insight into employee skill acquisition, aiding decision-making and ensuring learning aligns with organizational goals.

As Forrester writes in the report, “Pluralsight empowers teams by connecting skill development to strategic goals, focusing on business value. Its approach to innovation stands out by applying learning science and customer insights to drive R&D. With a robust ecosystem of hyperscalers, service providers, and tech partners, Pluralsight provides above-average adoption support via learning and development teams, business units, events, and targeted upskilling programs.”


Traditional upskilling often relies on lengthy learning programs or off-the-job training. Employees learn only skills for their roles, and there’s little to no collaboration between leaders and other learners. What’s more, leaders are primarily focused on engagement metrics to track success.

But with the technology landscape changing as fast as it is, the traditional approach is no longer enough. Upskilling also needs to evolve.

We believe that part of what makes us a Leader is how we’re pushing skill development forward and empowering organizations to innovate with the latest technology, scale learning, and achieve real-world impact. 

We design tech skill development that can adapt to changing tech needs and business priorities without losing sight of the ultimate goal: achieving organizational outcomes.

Upskilling in the flow of work. Bite-sized courses, clips, and our mobile app allow users to fit learning into their schedule, while our flexible integration options with Tableau, Workday, and more allow leaders to build skill development into existing HR tech ecosystems.

Powerful analytics for improved decision-making. Leader analytics go beyond content consumption and engagement, allowing leaders to identify skill gaps, measure skill acquisition, and ensure teams have the skills they need to drive outcomes.

Hot topics and emerging technologies to stay ahead. Authors produce “Hot Takes” that upskill learners in particularly nascent topics or practices, like new security vulnerabilities, to ensure they’re ready for anything.

AI Assistant (Iris) to personalize the learning experience. Iris analyzes learning data and tailors content suggestions to each learner's unique skillset, pace, and goals through natural language conversations.

Strategic support with ProServ and instructor-led training (ILT). ProServ consultants help you craft a tech transformation strategy tailored to your organization’s unique needs, while ILT provides hands-on guidance from expert instructors.

Every organization is working towards unique goals and outcomes. And they all need a specific set of skills to get there.

That’s why organizations like FedEx, Dell Technologies, Ford, and GE partner with Pluralsight 
